**Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?**

This project is for our client Driverpass. The purpose of this project is to provide driver training for Driverpass’s customers by letting them able to choose from three pre-defined packages to take online classes, practice tests and reserve on-the-road training with the driving instructor. Driverpass wants to take advantage of a void market where students can be trained for the driving test before they go to the DMV. Driverpass wants us to build a system that enables their students to book online classes, reserve on-the-road training with driving instructors, modify those reservations, and take practice tests.

**What did you do particularly well?**

I did particularly well in gathering and analyzing requirements for a system based on clients’ needs and expectations, exploring and understanding functional and nonfunctional requirements in a system, evaluating different object model and process models, understanding functional, structural, and behavioral models in a system and their relation, creating UML use case, activity, sequence, and class diagrams, and presenting and explaining the system’s technical and non-technical requirements to client using simple language.

**If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?**

I would choose my UML use case diagram to revise so that I could improve my diagram with more concise and clear use case names, refine relationships and associations between the use cases, avoid unnecessary complexity in the diagram by avoiding clutter, and review and refine use case scenarios. 

**How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?**

I interpreted the user’s needs by thinking through the user’s perspective to gather insights from the users provided in interview transcript and aligned it into the system’s features. Considering the user’s need when designing enhances customers’ satisfaction with the system, makes system faster and effective leading to higher productivity, encourages user engagement with the system with positive user experience, and drives business success by improving the product reputation.

**How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?**

I would approach designing software by incorporating the major phases of Systems Development Lifecycle (SDLC) which are planning, analysis, design, implementation and maintenance. In the planning phase, I would identify the system’s objectives, set the scope and timeline of the project, and allocate the required and necessary resources for the project. In the analysis phase, I would gather requirements from the users aligned with their needs and expectations to replace or enhance the proposed system according to their business and system requirement. In the design phase, I would use those gathered requirements from analysis phase to convert into technical and logical aspects of the system such as the system’s architecture, database models, and user interfaces so that it can be implemented in various hardware and software systems. In the implementation phase, I would turn the system specifications into a working system, write codes to develop the system, test individual programs to identify and correct errors, and install or update the software. In maintenance phase, I would give support to the users when problems exist and change the system over time according to the need of the organization’s evolving business conditions. 

I will use the methods and strategies learned from this course such as collecting requirements through an interview transcript or other technological tools to understand the user’s need and expectations, use process models to lay out a clear and visual graphical representation of how the processes, data flows and data stores work and interact with each other in a system, use object modeling for system analysis and design to break down the complex systems into objects which represents real-world entities, specify all the functional and nonfunctional requirements, assumptions, limitations, time frame and deadline of the project in business requirement document,  and visually represent each use cases and components of the system in a system design document by creating UML use case, activity, sequence, and class diagrams. 
